docs: adding PD manual (mkdocs) (#18833)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/pd-manual/docs/existing-protocol.md

> You can upload and edit protocols you've previously made in Protocol Designer. Click **Import** to upload an existing .py or .JSON file. 

Reviewer: Lowercase `.json` here and below.

Your protocol details will be visible in the protocol overview. Click **Edit protocol** to make your desired changes. 

> When uploading a .JSON or .py file created in a previous version of Protocol Designer, the protocol will be automatically updated to the latest version. Changes to keep your protocol up-to-date can include changes to liquid handling, like default flow rates, aspirate or dispense positions, or changes to supported actions. While you can use Protocol Designer to modify JSON files previously created in earlier versions, you'll only be create and export Python files in Protocol Designer 8.5.0 and newer.

Reviewer: Possible rewrite:
```suggestion
When uploading a protocol file created in a previous version, Protocol Designer will automatically update it to work with the latest version. The update process lets you use all of the latest features of Protocol Designer in your protocol, such as new modules, labware, and improved pipetting behaviors. 

!!! note
    Updating a protocol, even without changing its steps, can lead to changes in protocol execution. Always perform your necessary level of testing, such as a dry or wet run, on any newly exported protocol file.

As of Protocol Designer 8.5.0, Protocol Designer *only* exports Python protocol files, even if you imported and modified a JSON protocol. You can expect the same level of possible behavior changes when updating from a JSON to a Python protocol as in earlier JSON-to-JSON updates.
```

You can upload and edit protocols you've previously made in Protocol Designer. Click **Import** to upload an existing .py or .json file. 

Your protocol details will be visible in the protocol overview. Click **Edit protocol** to make your desired changes. 

> When uploading a protocol file created in a previous version, Protocol Designer, will automatically update it to work with the latest version. The update process lets you use all of the latest features of Protocol Designer in your protocol, such as new modules, labware, and improved pipetting behaviors. 

Reviewer: extra comma
```suggestion
When uploading a protocol file created in a previous version, Protocol Designer will automatically update it to work with the latest version. The update process lets you use all of the latest features of Protocol Designer in your protocol, such as new modules, labware, and improved pipetting behaviors. 
```
